

Asset Loader Project
Overview
The Asset Loader project is a blockchain-based application designed to streamline the logistics of loading assets onto trucks with enhanced transparency and efficiency. Utilizing Celestia's modular blockchain network for data availability and consensus, this application ensures that all transaction data is immutable and easily verifiable. The frontend is built using React, providing a dynamic and user-friendly interface for loaders and managers to interact with the smart contract operations.

Key Features
Load Item Tracking: Tracks each asset loaded with details like asset ID, truck number, and load timestamp.
Loader Authorization: Manages loader permissions ensuring only authorized personnel can log loading actions.
Managerial Oversight: Enables managers to oversee and approve loading activities, ensuring compliance and accuracy.
Data Integrity and Availability: Leverages Celestia's capabilities for high data availability and integrity, making the application suitable for enterprise logistics operations.
Architecture
This project is structured into two main components:

Blockchain Backend: Uses Celestia for robust data availability, ensuring that data related to asset loading is tamper-proof and perpetually available.
Frontend Application: Developed with React.js, this component provides an interactive interface for real-time data presentation and management actions.
Backend Technologies
Celestia: Handles data availability and consensus layers, ensuring scalability and security.
Smart Contracts: Business logic implementation for asset tracking and loader management.
Frontend Technologies
React.js: For building the user interface.
Web3.js/Ethers.js: For blockchain interactions, enabling the React application to communicate with the blockchain backend.
Setup and Installation
Prerequisites
Node.js and npm installed.
Access to a Celestia node (either local for development or a remote node for production).
Installation Steps
Clone the Repository
bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/Grepository/asset-loader.git
cd asset-loader
Install Dependencies
bash
Copy code
npm install
Set Up Environment Variables
Configure environment variables for connecting to the Celestia node and other necessary configurations.
Run the Application
bash
Copy code
npm start
This command starts the React frontend which connects to the Celestia node through configured settings.
Usage
Loaders: Use their credentials to log in, submit new load records, and check the status of their tasks.
Managers: Log in to authorize loaders, verify and sign off on completed loads, and manage operational data.
Contributing
Contributions to the Asset Loader project are welcome. Please ensure to follow the contribution guidelines laid out in CONTRIBUTING.md.

License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.
